_pages/about.md, before:

---
layout: about
title: about
permalink: /
subtitle: <a href='#'>Affiliations</a>. Address. Contacts. Motto. Etc.

profile:
  align: right
  image: prof_pic.jpg
  image_circular: false # crops the image to make it circular
  more_info: >
    <!-- <p>555 your office number</p> -->
    <!-- <p>123 your address street</p> -->
    <p>Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania</p>

selected_papers: false # includes a list of papers marked as "selected={true}"
social: true # includes social icons at the bottom of the page

announcements:
  enabled: false # includes a list of news items
  scrollable: true # adds a vertical scroll bar if there are more than 3 news items
  limit: 5 # leave blank to include all the news in the `_news` folder

latest_posts:
  enabled: false
  scrollable: true # adds a vertical scroll bar if there are more than 3 new posts items
  limit: 3 # leave blank to include all the blog posts
---

Write your biography here. Tell the world about yourself. Link to your favorite [subreddit](http://reddit.com). You can put a picture in, too. The code is already in, just name your picture `prof_pic.jpg` and put it in the `img/` folder.

Put your address / P.O. box / other info right below your picture. You can also disable any of these elements by editing `profile` property of the YAML header of your `_pages/about.md`. Edit `_bibliography/papers.bib` and Jekyll will render your [publications page](/al-folio/publications/) automatically.

Link to your social media connections, too. This theme is set up to use [Font Awesome icons](https://fontawesome.com/) and [Academicons](https://jpswalsh.github.io/academicons/), like the ones below. Add your Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, Google Scholar, or just disable all of them.

Commit message:

major edits complete
- updated projects
- update about page with social links
- updated publications

_pages/about.md, after:

---
layout: about
title: About
permalink: /
subtitle:

profile:
  align: right
  image: portrait.jpg
  image_circular: false # crops the image to make it circular
  more_info: >
    <!-- <p>555 your office number</p> -->
    <!-- <p>123 your address street</p> -->
    <p>Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania</p>

selected_papers: false # includes a list of papers marked as "selected={true}"
social: true # includes social icons at the bottom of the page

announcements:
  enabled: false # includes a list of news items
  scrollable: true # adds a vertical scroll bar if there are more than 3 news items
  limit: 5 # leave blank to include all the news in the `_news` folder

latest_posts:
  enabled: false
  scrollable: true # adds a vertical scroll bar if there are more than 3 new posts items
  limit: 3 # leave blank to include all the blog posts
---

I'm a software engineer with several years of experience, mostly in robotics
infrastructure roles. I am now at the end of a masters in robotics program at
Worcester Polytechnic Institute, where, after building foundational knowledge
such as kinematics and dynamics, I have gained specialized skills such as motion
planning, optimal control, reinforcement learning, and deep learning. I am
currently interested in roles in robotics that involve either motion planning,
control, or AI, such as robotic manipulation, legged locomotion or autonomous
navigation.  My final capstone in the Spring of 2026 will be training
reinforcement learning policies for a quadruped to reorient large box shaped
objects.
